and look at this on purpose
now I'll describe what I was doing
before I missed
let's at least try to hit the ball now
the difference there is that I didn't
follow the line that's sitting right
here in front of me and I'm gonna
explain to you why those first shots
were to my last shot didn't I don't know
I made three or four before I missed but
I know I made three industry I mean at
least three shot using an aiming system
now if the aiming seen any system that
Jill Tucker uses well it's the same
concept this is actually not an aiming
system this is just a geometric concept
that allows for the balls to meet the
exact correct position the concept has
been turned into aiming systems I use it
as a training tool to develop better
feel for where to aim there's variations
of it Joe Tucker uses a variation of it
by numbering balls and having match up
the numbers basically what it is it's
just a way to find the contact points
the accurate contact points on both the
object ball and a cue ball and then join
the two contact points together when you
join us two contact points together
you're going to make the shot now there
are some variables it's debatable as to
whether they really come into play in
actual play Johnny Archer claims to use
some of the same principle when he aims
for his shots it's basically a parallel
shifting to find contact when some of
the two balls it's easy to find the
contact point on an object ball you mask
any eight-year-old see it going to pool
table take a problem to tell you how to
find contact one on the object ball
straight line from center pocket
straight through the object ball the
point on the back of the ball is going
to be your contact point it's a little
more tricky find the contact point on
the cue ball you're dealing two spheres
it's actually not tricky if you
understand the zoomit
geometric principles behind it and I'm
going to explain it to you it's really
simple all you got to do is parallel
shift over from that line going straight
to the object ball over to where it
meets the center of the cue ball let me
show you I diagram to here on my table
using read written and I miss that other
shot on purpose because I wanted to show
it's not riding the edge of the ribbon
the ribbon went straight to the two ball
which shows you were look on
the two ball right there now if you
parallel shift from this one over to
where the cue ball is the point on the
front of cue ball but that line
intersects is contact point of cue ball
then if you join those two points
together that's the baculum cue ball to
follow but you can't strike it from
there because you're striking off center
and sport will throw it off won't even
hit the ball so what you do is you put a
little ship one more time to center cue
ball you take that one if you parallel
shift the center cue ball and you have
your aim
it's the perfect in line every time and
just to show you that it wasn't a fluke
but I just happen to choose the right
angle that works I'll change the angle
there that should be a variation at
least ten degrees
most of the first few shots that I shot
my cue stick all the exact path parallel
to this line so if you go with that my
sip all isn't a path parallel to that
one now and it goes in you know that it
is final
it's hard to these ribbons are wild so
to get it in the right alignment is good
for those that might skew to follow the
exact are low after that line if you
miss it won't follow perfect at a
parallel path you're not on the writing
what
I'm recording
now sharpen up the angle work for
substantially